Creative Commons Legal Code

CC0 1.0 Universal

    CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE
    LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN
    ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS
    INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES
    REGARDING THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS
    PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
    THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS PROVIDED
    HEREUNDER.

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and
subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship
and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the
purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific works
("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear of later claims of
infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works, reuse and
redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any purposes,
including without limitation commercial purposes. These owners may contribute to
the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the further production of
creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain reputation or greater
distribution for their Work in part through the use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation of
additional consideration or compensation, the person associating CC0 with a Work
(the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of Copyright and
Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects to apply CC0 to the Work and
publicly distribute the Work under its terms, with knowledge of his or her
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the meaning and intended legal
effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be
   protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
   Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not limited
   to, the following:

i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate, and
translate a Work; ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or
performer(s); iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image
or likeness depicted in a Work; iv. rights protecting against unfair competition
in regards to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below; v.
rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a
Work; vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection
of databases, and under any national implementation thereof, including any
amended or successor version of such directive); and vii. other similar,
equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the world based on applicable law
or treaty, and any national implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of,
   applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
   unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright
   and Related Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now
   known or unknown (including existing as well as future claims and causes of
   action), in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum
   duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time
   extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of
   copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation
   commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer
   makes the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at large and to
   the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully intending that such
   Waiver shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation,
   termination, or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet
   enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by Affirmer's express .

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be
   judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver
   shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account
   Affirmer's express . In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged
   Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person a royalty-free, non
   transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional
   license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i)
   in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by
   applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any
   current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
   purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or
   promotional purposes (the "License"). The License shall be deemed effective
   as of the date CC0 was applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of
   the License for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under
   applicable law, such partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not
   invalidate the remainder of the License, and in such case Affirmer hereby
   affirms that he or she will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining
   Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated claims
   and causes of action with respect to the Work, in either case contrary to

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned,
surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document. b. Affirmer offers
the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning
the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including without limitation
warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non
infringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the
present or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to the greatest
extent permissible under applicable law. c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility
for clearing rights of other persons that may apply to the Work or any use
thereof, including without limitation any person's Copyright and Related Rights
in the Work. Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any
necessary consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the
Work. d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to this CC0 or
use of the Work.

---

Note: The above license applies only to the modifications made by PlayForm to
the original work. The original work is licensed under the following licenses
and is subject to their terms and conditions:

MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS

MICROSOFT VISUAL Studio Code Extension

These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on
where you live, one of its affiliates) and you. They apply to the software named
above. The terms also apply to any Microsoft services or updates for the
software, except to the extent those have additional terms. IF YOU COMPLY WITH
THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW.

1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. You may install and use any number of copies of
   the software.

2. TERMS FOR SPECIFIC COMPONENTS. a. Third Party Components.  The software may
   include third party components with separate legal notices or governed by
   other agreements, as described in the ThirdPartyNotices file accompanying the
   software. Even if such components are governed by other agreements, the
   disclaimers and the limitations on and exclusions of damages below also
   apply.

3. DATA. The software may collect information about you and your use of the
   software, and send that to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to
   provide services and improve our products and services. You may opt-out of
   many of these scenarios, but not all, as described in the product
   documentation. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help
   documentation and the privacy statement at
   http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=528096&clcid=0x409. Your use of the
   software operates as your consent to these practices.

4. SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only
   gives you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other
   rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation,
   you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In
   doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that
   only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not • work around any
   technical limitations in the software; • reverse engineer, decompile or
   disassemble the software, or attempt to do so; • remove, minimize, block or
   modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software; • use the
   software in any way that is against the law; or • share, publish, rent or
   lease the software, or provide the software as a stand-alone hosted as
   solution for others to use.

5. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You must comply with all domestic and international
   export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include
   restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For further information
   on export restrictions, visit (aka.ms/exporting).

6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software is “as is,” we may not provide
   support services for it.

7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates,
   Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire
   agreement for the software and support services.

8. APPLICABLE LAW. If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington
   law applies to interpretation of and claims for breach of this agreement, and
   the laws of the state where you live apply to all other claims. If you
   acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply.

9. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS. This agreement describes certain legal
   rights. You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws
   of your state or country. Separate and apart from your relationship with
   Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you
   acquired the software. This agreement does not change those other rights if
   the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so. For example, if
   you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country
   law applies, then the following provisions apply to you: a) Australia. You
   have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in
   this agreement is intended to affect those rights. b) Canada. If you acquired
   this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the
   automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and
   when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume
   checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software. The
   product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for
   your specific device or software. c) Germany and Austria. (i) Warranty. The
   properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any
   Microsoft materials that accompany the software. However, Microsoft gives no
   contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software. (ii) Limitation
   of Liability. In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based
   on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or
   physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law. Subject
   to the foregoing clause (ii), Microsoft will only be liable for slight
   negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual
   obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this
   agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement
   and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called
   "cardinal obligations"). In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will
   not be liable for slight negligence.

10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS-IS.” YOU BEAR THE RISK
    OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR
    CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT
    EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
    PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

11. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND
    ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY
    OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
    INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the
    software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites,
    or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, breach
    of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other
    tort to the extent permitted by applicable law. It also applies even if
    Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.
    The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country
    may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or
    other damages.
